The dog is very friendly and likes to play
The cat is lazy but is still quite friendly
Sometimes, the dog and cat play together
They like to sleep together during the day
They huddle on the couch in the afternoon
Different animals have unique behaviours 
Tigers' stripes help to camoflage them
Lions live in groups called prides
Elephants travel in herds to find water
Monkeys like to steal food from passerby
They travel by swinging from branch to branch
Michael goes to the community center to swim
His friends call him Mike for short
Dorothy spends most of her time in the library
On Sundays they help out at the local food kitchen
They are often joined by their other friend, Jane
Jane has black hair and wears red lipstick
Suicide is the act of ending one's own life
Individuals who attempt suicide are often suffering
Usually, they are struggling with a mental illness or addiction
It is important to always be kind to everyone
Butchers are responsible for preparing meat
In the past, they used to sell wares at the market
Nowadays, most people buy meat at a grocery store
Meat prepared by a butcher is often tastier
There are lots of vegan options available in stores
You can get vegan hamburgers, hotdogs, and sausage
Some people say they taste like the real thing
Ultimately, it comes down to individual taste
Female humans are called women or girls
Male humans are called men or boys
Males and females have biological differences
However, both contribute equally to society
Sexuality and gender identity are spectrums
Everyone, regardless of sexuality deserves respect
Males born in female bodies are called transgender
Females born in male bodies are also transgender
There is a high rate of suicide in the trans community
Women's suffrage was a movement to give women the power to vote
Civil rights movements have been successful
Less people are marginalized today than the past
Traditional bridal gowns are white
Grooms traditionally wear a black tuxedo
Different cultures have different wedding traditions
In some cultures, weddings can last a month
It's fun to learn about cultures from around the world
Learning about different people broadens your horizon
Don't knock something until you try it first
The ones who say you can't are the ones afraid you will
Could, would and should have silent ells.
The English language is not structured gramatically
Most English words come from Latin
Latin was the language spoken by ancient Romans
However, some English words come from Greek
Biology is the study of living organisms
Chemistry is the study of matter and change
Physicists study and try to understand the universe
Most physicists are very good at math
Math is a lot more than just algebra or calculus
It's the art of discovering patterns
A lot of people don't like math because it can be hard
Having a good teacher makes learning a lot easier
He attended his father's funeral wearing sweatpants
His aunts and uncles were upset with him for this
They said it was tacky and disrespectful
But he knew his dad wouldn't care about it
They were both easy-going, casual people
Funerals are more for the living than the dead
It can be hard to ask for help, but it's important to
Different people have different perspectives
You can learn a lot just by listening to others
Quantum physics is about the behavior of small objects
Small objects cannot have a well-defined position and momentum
This is called the Heisenberg uncertainty principle
I have to write 25 more sentences to finish this
Now, there are only 24 sentences remaining
It would be stupid if I continued along these lines
There are twenty-three more sentences to go
Twenty-three is the same as 23
Jokes aside, this is really boring and I want to sleep
I enjoy watching football with my dad
In America, football is called soccer
In Europe, South America, and elsewhere, football is football
I like playing baseball video games like MLB The Show
Baseball is a very strategic sport and requires lots of thinking
Acronyms are groups of words which stand for something else
MLB stands for Major League Baseball
NBA stands for the National Basketball Association
Every sports franchise has an acronym
Not all acronyms refer to sports franchises though
BTW means by the way; LOL means laugh out loud
These are forms of what is known as "text-speak"
More formally, these are known as abbreviations
People from older generations think "text-speak" is lazy
Younger people just think it's more convenient
A lot of people nowadays have busier schedules
Finding quick, efficient ways to communicate is important
Thank God this nightmare is almost over
This is a test sentence; Simon says "I love the NHL"
I've been wanting to get into hockey really badly
I'll make a statement.
I like veggies too.
His father runs a restaurant.
I have been trying to say this for awhile.
The rusty containers were in the field.
We've got bigger problems to deal with.
Oil is smelly.
Don't forget to wash behind your knees.
I feel like I am going to pass out.
Tom took a big bite out of his sandwich.
I got the money back.
That television is both big and expensive.
We closed the deal successfully.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
There was a big earthquake last night.
I like the smell of rain.
I can’t make up my mind.
He’s a bit tipsy.
Time is money.
He went fast downhill on his sled.
He gets angry easily.
Mary enjoys cooking.
She was scared by the earthquake.
I am a genius.
You look really sharp today.
He has a nice restaurant near the lake.
Toothpaste will help keep your teeth clean.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
Show me your rates, please.
My mom is from China.
She asked him some questions.
This is the biggest car in the world.
Bailey wishes he had a nicer car.
Wearing bows was her favorite thing to do.
I will get sick from that.
We can go to the oark.
I’m on the fence.
I will have a baby in the near future.
I want you to tell me the truth.
I don't like desk lamps.
You’re not allowed to use your phone here.
That park does not have a soccer field.
I take showers twice a month.
We saw her duck.
She wasn't sure if she wanted to go or not.
I'm hoping they'll give me a big raise.
Tom lives in a white house.
There is no honor among thieves.
I'm your lucky fellow then.
I am Loki.
I wanted to read the book.
Tom would have a big problem with that.
There's creepers everywhere.
My brother’s dog barks a lot.
I can do what you said.
We see them every week.
My false teeth are stuck to it.
She was homeschooled until she was thirteen.
I broke my computer.
She left her fuzzy slippers on the couch.
I am completely drunk.
They saw giraffes.
She is mean but so pretty.
This lasagna is delicious.
When you are a teenager you read Nietzsche.
I just took a nap.
I love my friends.
It is not so easy as you think.
It was a misunderstanding.
I'm sure he meant to do that.
I dressed as a fairy last Halloween.
He said he didn’t want to hotwire a car.
That was the president on the phone.
She is very responsible.
It is the morning.
I am here to be pushed to a higher level.
Old habits die hard.
I’m the designated driver.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
The car was a fun spot to sit on.
I was okay the second I shot him.
His stomach was sore from the punch.
I made a mistake in choosing my wife.
I need your support like I need saggy skin.
We have a large supermarket.
A white background is easier to work with.
I can be greedy sometimes.
My nanny is here.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
She was my wife.
He is tough, but I am even tougher.
She likes bananas.
I am dreaming of a better world.
Tom answered the first question on the test.
I plan to weed the yard today.
It doesn't matter what college you went to.
Tom is fat-headed.
Naps make me feel lazy.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
A white table will get dirty fast.
I like open parties.
He has the ability to carry out big plans.
She spent a lot of money on books.
Going to the city is a good time to dress up.
I am so happy to see you today.
Blood is thicker than water.
Tom has a tiny apartment.
I will make an observation.
He stood no chance against her in a fight.
That is a huge deal for me.
Your unintentional actions are problematic.
We have bodyweight training.
He drives to work.
The kitchen required updating.
The sun rises at the east.
I don't care how long your socks are.
She is a very smart girl.
Clothes make the man.
A man from my future came to me today.
To be honest, I'm twenty.
I am looking for some pears.
I will have to be more careful.
That's a bit of an exaggeration.
Her bra strap snapped while she was jogging.
I’d like to honor a person.
This room is just about big enough.
The first baseman caught the fly ball.
I beg your pardon.
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
She left her fuzzy slippers on the couch.
It really shows you how deep his roots run.
I want to get tan.
She had never appreciated radio news shows.
I do not want to smoke.
I want white teeth.
The swan is a beautiful bird.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
Oysters are disgusting.
I didn't want to force you into this.
Yesterday he saw a skinny man.
I think she likes me.
My son is a total nightmare.
The movie industry became a big business.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
Why not?
Tom is already on top of it.
He had always believed in magic.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
He was dressed like a bear.
I miss my girlfriend.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
My dad never works on the weekends.
I suggest you leave here at once.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
Please don't touch that!
Everything will be okay in the end.
I have a good idea.
You need therapy.
I broke my phone.
He’s not telling the whole truth.
I am starting work soon.
The movie industry became a big business.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
Why not?
Tom is already on top of it.
He had always believed in magic.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
He was dressed like a bear.
I miss my girlfriend.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
My dad never works on the weekends.
I suggest you leave here at once.
She was terrified of her building's elevator.
Please don't touch that!
Everything will be okay in the end.
I have a good idea.
You need therapy.
I broke my phone.
He’s not telling the whole truth.
I am starting work soon.
Hairless cats look demonic.
They’re as different as night and day.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
She told him to grow up.
Don’t open the door!
It is going to happen on Friday.
No problem!
When the cat's away, the mice play.
Tom took a gulp of his drink.
He adds something different to the team.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
Is it dangerous for dogs to eat onions?
It’s as dry as a bone.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
We go to the gym club together.
I only eat fish.
He drives to work.
There is nothing else to do today.
You should run to the party.
That’ll have to wait.
The stars are so bright tonight.
Tom is a baseball fan.
I trust you so much.
This is only the beginning.
Problem solving is important.
They are cruel to the animals.
We have a brown dog.
My false teeth are stuck to it.